README.md, before:

# About

Work in progress. Not yet on Package Control.

---

Plain Text Enhanced is a syntax highlighting scheme for plain text files in Sublime Text.

PTE has useful formatting features to make note-taking more sophisticated and to make notes much more readable.

Imagine markdown but instead of the purpose to be rendered to HTML, it was designed solely for taking notes in plain text.

# Setup

**You just need to rename one file**

In Sublime's User Packages folder, the file `ColorScheme.sublime-color-scheme` extends the color scheme with the same name and adds Plain Text Enhanced syntax highlighting. Rename this file to match your active color scheme (i.e. change "ColorScheme" to your color scheme's name).

For example if the color scheme *Monokai* is active, the file should be named:
`Monokai.sublime-color-scheme`.
PTE's colors were chosen with the theme "Enki" in mind, specifically it's variant "Enki-Alt", for which the file should be named:
`Enki-Alt.sublime-color-scheme`.

Feel free to play around with the formatting rules in this file to tweak it for your favourite Sublime color scheme.

---

Thank you for using Plain Text Enhanced!

Commit message:

Add example screenshot image to README

README.md, after:

# About

Work in progress. Not yet on Package Control.

---

Plain Text Enhanced is a syntax highlighting scheme for plain text files in Sublime Text.

PTE has useful formatting features to make note-taking more sophisticated and to make notes much more readable.

Imagine markdown but instead of the purpose to be rendered to HTML, it was designed for taking notes in plain text.

# Example

![Example screenshot showing formatted text](/images/pte-example.png)

# Setup

**You just need to rename one file**

In Sublime's User Packages folder, the file `ColorScheme.sublime-color-scheme` extends the color scheme with the same name and adds Plain Text Enhanced syntax highlighting. Rename this file to match your active color scheme (i.e. change "ColorScheme" to your color scheme's name).

For example if the color scheme *Monokai* is active, the file should be named:
`Monokai.sublime-color-scheme`.
PTE's colors were chosen with the theme "Enki" in mind, specifically it's variant "Enki-Alt", for which the file should be named:
`Enki-Alt.sublime-color-scheme`.

Feel free to play around with the formatting rules in this file to tweak it for your favourite Sublime color scheme.

---

Thank you for using Plain Text Enhanced!
